{OK, so.
You are about to look at a
series of pictures that tell a
story. Imagine you are telling
the story to someone who cannot
see the pictures.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story and then I will pull
up the story and I'll let you
know how many pages it will be
so.}
{Are those pictures coming like
picture by picture one by one or
like all the pictures together
in one slide?
It'll come one by one. It's on a
PowerPoint, so it'll I'll flip
through like we're flipping
through a book.}
{And I will pull up.
The first.
OK.
OK, so you have a short story.}
{OK, so this.
This story is 20 slides long.
I will share.
My screen I.
OK, one second and.
Can you see my screen?}
{Yeah, I can see.
OK, perfect. OK, so.
So, starting at this page,
describe what you see and what
is happening, and then when
you're done with each page, I
will.}
{Click forward to the next page
like that.
OK.
Next. Oh, you have to describe
them to me.}
{Oh, I have to describe this
whole yeah. So just like what?
Like when you haven't flipped to
next. Oh yeah, but this is the
first page.}
{OK, first page is a story short
story. Yes, this is a short
story. So what do you see
happening in this picture?}
#START_journey First off, in
this picture I can see some of
the kids.
Who are on bicycle, they are
giving a high 5 to their to each
other, to their friends.
And then I see a girl sitting on
a.
Sitting on the stairs, lonely as
if she is going through some
stress condition or some
overthinking.
And on the other hand of the
picture I could see a person
working from home on the on his
computer system in his study
room.
Then there's a woman in the
kitchen who's cooking.
Food.
Or a lunch for her kids, maybe.
And then I also see a girl
sitting on a couch, focusing on
her mobile phone and spending
some screen time.
I think that's it about the
picture.
So in this picture I see a
woman.
A mom cooking.
In the kitchen and her kid is.
With her.
One wheel.
One wheel bike inside the
kitchen.
And then I can also see a
daughter, you know.
A daughter troubling her father
who is working from home on the
computer system.
During his office hours.
And then I see a daughter.
Feeling monotonous while her
mother is.
Spending time on the screen and
sitting on a couch.
And then on the other hand, I
see a girl who is very much
tired and her cat is sleeping on
the floor. She's not even paying
attention on her or playing with
her.
She is too tired after coming
back from school and then giving
just giving a nap to herself.
OK so in this picture I see that
girls cat is going out from the
room and.
All of the papers are spread on
the floor.
And the girl, on the other hand,
is cleaning the wall.
And using those papers to Draw
Something or to paint something
on the wall with her colors.
Next.
So I see a girl coming out of
the door of his house and she
has entered into a pathway where
you where you see the lights,
lanterns and the trees.
It more look like.
Painting domain which she wanted
to draw on the wall.
That's it.
So this is a painting.
In which
Girl from the bed.
Not from the bed is, you know,
trying to draw a boat.
So that which can be a boat or a
ship which can sail in the water
and she can get take a ride in
the in this.
Uh, in this ship?
To go somewhere and explore her
leisure time.
Then, on the other hand, there
is a boy standing on the.
Wooden plank.
Which is made on the river. A
river is flowing.
With a heavy tide water and
there are trees along the sides
of the river.
next
So this picture looks like a
huge monument or an ancient
building.
Which is next to the riverbank.
And I can see the boat.
Or a ship in which the girl is
sitting and going to enter to
visit this historical building.
So the girl on the ship, she
she's now welcomed in that
building by the.
Persons who belong to this
ancient building.
And they are.
They are welcoming her with a
smile.
On their face, faces.
It feels like that.
That she was supposed to be here
and they invited her for some
event in the.
In this ancient building. That's
it.
OK.
So this looks like that there
has been a flood in that build
in this ancient building and her
there is a water broke.
And the girl fell off from the
height.
Into the water and the girl and
the two other two girls and one
boy. They are trying to save
each other if they could while
in the water.
Because they were drowning.
Yes.
OK, so someone came from the
parachute to help or rescue
those children from the water.
And we can also see some giant
vehicle in the sky.
And there is a bird. Looks like
an eagle to me.
Next.
So the girl has been saved in
that parachute.
And now the.
The two persons who are in.
In that spacecraft kind of
thing, which is not exactly a
spacecraft.
They are trying to.
I think they're fighting and one
of them is falling from that.
OK, next.
{What is this thing called, as
I'm not
Recall. I'm not able to recall
it. What is this thing?
That's OK, just whatever you
could think of. But} so the she,
the girl on the spacecraft,
landed on this giant
On this giant vehicle which is
in a like which is flying in the
sky.
Next.
It looks like she entered, you
know, entered into a different
uh.
Building.
Where and she's trying to sneak
into that area to catch that
bird, which is in the.
Uh, which is
Which is inside those bars.
And but she's sneaking into that
area very quietly because she
has to take care about, take
care of those two.
Those two warriors. Or like they
are.
Those two persons who are like
security guards and they don't
want to lose that bird. It seems
like the bird is very much
precious.
Next.
OK, now the girl took away the
bird along with his cage.
Cage and the the protectors of
that bird.
Are after that girl with their.
Swabs in the hand.
But somehow.
She managed.
To.
Uh, to make the bird free and
let him flew in the sky.
Next.
The bird already flew from the
cage, but they caught the girl
and.
I think they're going to punish
her.
Sooner or later.
So while she was.
She was held in the in the cage.
The girl. While the girl was
held in the cage, the bird came
back.
To and try to protect her.
Then she started drawing a
painting on the floor and the
bird is sitting on her shoulder.
Looking at her and how she used
the painting.
Next.
OK, so that wasn't a painting
exactly. She has some magical
thing in her hands which could
draw, you know, a mat which has
some magical powers.
While so when she sits on that
magical mat, she has that power
of flying in the sky.
To any place.
Next.
Yeah, so look, she is now flying
in the sky and the bird is also
let free and they are enjoying
this beautiful.
Gift of nature, looking at the
sky and the stars.
And the trees mountains below.
OK, now she built a home like a
small room.
Or a Burrow inside the tree bark
of the tree where she and her
bird friend can go inside and
stay in peace.
So she lets her in that secret
room.
In the bark of tree and both go
inside and enjoy their time.
OK, now she brought her bird.
To the to her guy friend.
Who was waiting right there at
the traffic lights.
She introduced her boyfriend
with to him.
And then made two rings with her
pencil, the magical pencil which
she has holding in her hand
which is red colored pencil.
That's it.
OK, so the with her magical
pencil she was drawing the the
wheels of for the.
#END_journey For this for their
bicycle which both a boy and a
girl can ride together and the
bicycle is connected. For it's
for the two passengers like 2
persons and the bird is flying
behind them and following them.
{All right, perfect. I'm going
to stop sharing my screen now.
Let me see. So that's what it
will be like. Let's see what you
have next.}
{How much time more is required
for this session to?}
{So this session will end at 7
seven, half an hour more, yeah?}
{Next we have.
So next we have a complex scene.
So we did. You saw a story. I'll
get the directions up.}
{For a complex scene really
quickly.
OK.
Oh wait. I pulled up the graphic
novel one.
OK, here we go.
OK, so.}
{In a complex scene, you will
just be describing.
It as if somebody describe the
scene to someone who cannot see
the picture.}
{Describe what is happening and
what you see in the scene as
thoroughly as possible. And we
ask that you take between 3 to 5
minutes to describe the scene
and I could also keep.}
{A timer to like let you know if
you you're like around the time
of like three or three to five
minutes.}
{You've seen.
OK.
And I'll put this in presenting
mode.
OK.
And let me share my screen.}
{Can you see?
I can't see OK.
I have to talk about this,
right? Yeah. So like I said, I'm
describe what you see happening
in this scene.}
{So what do you see happening in
this scene?}
#START_by_the_lake OK, so I see
like.
Lot of folks have come besides
the lake to enjoy their evening
time.
And there are a lot many
activities at this beautiful
lake.
Including.
Volleyball boating
Then water sports.
Sailing the boat.
And I also see some of the folks
you know sitting on the sand.
They are playing, they are
singing and playing guitar and
having fun with the music.
Then other folks are sitting on
a table and enjoying their food.
And then I also see a guy who
was riding on a.
On his like one wheel or a 2
wheel bike.
And then I see kids of.
Kids who are playing with the
water inside and one of the
families playing with their dog.
And chilling in the water. Then
there are a group of kids whose
building.
Who are building a castle on
with the sand
And using their tools and the
bucket.
To build this up.
Then.
I can also see a bunch of people
who are sitting under the
umbrella and looking at the
crowd how happy they are. Then I
also see a man who is going to
catch some fish from the lake. I
guess he has some net kind of
thing.
Then there are a bunch of people
who are sitting on the rocks and
looking at the water. Flashes
splashes.
So it it is, it's a fantastic
and an amazing view because you
see the.
You see the water and the
mountains.
At the at the distance.
And there are small houses built
nearby.
More or less it looks like to me
a resort where people have come
for vacation to stay and then
enjoy this.
Enjoy this evening at the
lakeside.
I also see a bunch of people, 2
girls, who are doing some
gymnastics or like a yoga thing
besides the lake.
And then there is a.
There there are a bunch of guys
who are going to play like a bad
ball or a cricket kind of thing,
but there's too much of crowd. I
think they'll stop doing that.
I think that's all. Yeah. There
are a lot of activities going on
simultaneously. Yes, some people
are also playing volleyball.
#END_by_the_lake If you see it,
they have like 2 teams and they
are enjoying that.
{Let's see what we have.
Next.
OK, next we have another short
story.
OK, let me pull it up. One more
story. Oh no, I'm just saying
it's another short story.}
{Umm.
Is this?
Oh wait, can you?
Can you see my screen?}
{Yes, I can see your screen. OK.
So describe what you see
happening in this story. And so
there's two slides of the story,
so let me know when you like me
to go to the next slide.}
#START_arrival-3 So in this I
see.
A man who is selling some
posters.
In the market, among the people.
I see a Barber who is grooming a
person, like shaving or doing a
facial thing on him.
Then I see a man who's holding a
trumpet along with his partner
holding a violin, and they're
trying to compose a really good
music out of these two
instruments.
Then I see.
I don't understand what is it?
So then I see like group of
ladies sitting outside.
Chitchatting.
About their house or what. And I
see a confused personality in
the last picture, holding a
briefcase and thinking where to
go, as if he is lost and he's
trying to find out his.
Destination where he wants to
go.
I think that's it
So in this picture, that guy.
It's a guy who finds a clock.
And tries to figure out that.
Does this clock belong to
Then he suddenly found the
diary.
From where he reads.
About this clock and a person
comes.
Another different person comes
and chit chats with him about
it, like where you wanna go, and
then he asks him.
This is a very complex picture.
Oh.
And then he's trying to show him
that there is this.
Thing which I'm trying to find
out and that strange guy is
helping him.
To find that.
Thing.
#END_arrival-3 This is really a
bad picture.
{Then right.
From where do you guys get these
pictures?
Um, we just selected we like,
went through a lot of books and
selected the pictures.}
{OK, NEXT is another complex
scene. Oh.}
{OK.
I'm going to share my screen
now, so this one's a scene, so
just describe what you see in
the scene.}
#START_waldo-1 This is a scene
of a market.
Plus the.
Yeah, this is a scene of a
market where you can see the
fountain in the centre of the
city and can also see the
different.
Colors.
Of the cars moving around.
Then we also see over here.
It's still, it looks like there
is a carnival going on this in
this arena.
And people are having uh.
Stalls for selling their pots
and the plants at one of the
shop which I saw in the right
side.
And everyone is stopping by and
visiting those stalls to.
Get something good and fancy for
their houses.
Then I see a bunch of people.
Standing on the rooftop.
Of left hand side building.
They are dressed up in a same
attire, blue and white, and
looks like they are the
cleaners.
And belong. Yeah, they look like
the from the cleaning team.
Then on the other hand, I see
like.
I see the kids who are who have
come out for a walk with their
parents.
This is so complex.
Yeah, then I also see a person
who is fixing his car.
In that house.
Yep, the green car.
It looks like a lot of hustle in
the market.
People are also talking from the
windows of their rooms.
#END_waldo-1 That's it.
{OK, perfect. Let me see what I
have next.
OK, next I have another short
story.}
{My battery is running low.
OK, this story is only four
slides long.}
{This story is what forced life?
Yep.}
{What is it, my God, what kind
of?}
#START_arrival-5 So this ancient
building.
Has an appearance of owls from
outside. I can see like big and
small owls shape in their
architecture.
Then moving to right hand side I
see a woman.
I see a woman, I see a family,
actually.
Who is welcoming a person.
A boy. A boy, yeah. He enters
with some offerings in his hand.
And he gives those offerings to
the to this lady.
And she heartily welcomes that
boy inside.
Then all of a sudden, boy gets
grown up.
And then in then she's asking
them to come inside and have a
drink with us and have some
food. She started chopping the
snail, the seafood which they
brought.
And.
{She OK, I can't see the last
picture.}
And then, OK, I can see now then
she is cooking some seafood.
in a stove.
And.
Has a cup and they're going to
just enjoy the their dinner with
the wine. That's it.
OK, now in the evening they are
enjoying the dinner at the
dinner table.
With some fire.
And the boy is feeding.
His pets inside the house.
The husband and wife are talking
on some topic.
Then all of them, they are
giggling, laughing, chatting on
a table. Then I see they have,
they are, they have started
playing some musical instruments
like xylophone is played by his
husband, by her husband, and the
lady is playing, I don't know
what is it called, it's a flute
or what? Then a boy, their boy
is playing a guitar thing.
Then they are holding a.
Small animal who looks like a
squirrel to me.
And trying to play with him.
Then the then her husband takes
off. No, he's not the husband,
he's someone else. He's the
guest at the dinner. Yeah, he
took the pot out from the
cupboard and they both are
holding apart, which is I think
made-up of soil or some paint is
done on it. That's it.
So I see the image of the pot in
the mirror.
It's placed on a table.
And the boy wakes up.
And he needs his.
Pets at Home.
He's getting dressed up and then
putting shirt on him and putting
the.
Buttoning up the shirt.
He also see, I can also see that
he's trying to cut something.
To like a food for his pet.
His pet take off his hat and
then run away.
I see a bunch of people.
On the road they are busy in.
Busy in walking towards their
work.
Then in the next picture I see a
man talking to a person asking
for some help.
In regard to the food for his
pet.
Then the person shopkeeper says
that he doesn't have that
available thing which is asking
for.
Then he goes to the next shop
and then asks that Lady she also
she says the same thing.
Lastly, I see like people are
chatting with each other and
cleaning the roads.
#END_arrival-5 With the brooms.
{That's it.
I think there should not be
more.
Yep, let me.
OK.}